---
title: Vibe check №10
date: 2023-08-31
status: draft
excerpt: Vibes 10 - Productive August, lots of work, lots of moving, lots of coding!
alt: a 16 bit retro image of an green alien typing at the computer
---

## Life 👨🏻‍🦰

We are back to our regular schedule, and boy does it feel good. Theres something almost theraputic about waking up at 5:30am every single day, getting outside before the vast majority of people are awake. My current routine is one I've got very acustomed to, 5:30am wake up, 6:30am gym, 7:30am shower and get raedy for work 8:30am commute in. I'm usually at my desk for 9am. I've been doing this for the past 3 months and I've never felt better. I've got a lot more energy, I'm more productive and I'm in a much better mood. I've also been able to get back into running and swimming.

The working world has been good too, I've felt much more in contorl, productive and actually a helpful member of the team. I'm prepared to take a more architectural leadership role within the team, setting up and leading our observability charge as we revamp and rearchitect our systems.

Some new areas I've been been exloring is the world of Kafka and Kubernetes. Distributed systems at this level is a whole new world for me, and I'm excited to learn more. As such I've picked up a few books for commute/bedtime reading.

## What I've been watching 📺

Ahsoka - I've been a huge fan of the Star Wars universe for a long time, and I've been waiting for this show for a long time. I'm a huge fan of the character and I'm excited to see where this show goes. The first two episodes have been great so far.

[The Bear](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bear_(TV_series)) - Okay, I kind of ignored this for a while and I regret this. Episodes are 20/30 minutes long and are captivating, its great a great TV show. I've ended up leaving it on whilst just doing small changes to this site and its perfect. The story follows a guy who returns to Chicago to run a resturant previously ran by his brother

## What I've been reading 📚

[Understanding Distributed Systems](https://understandingdistributed.systems/) - is a high level introduction to the inner workings and algorithms of distributed systems. If you're new to the world of distributed systems, this is a great place to start.

[Designing Data Intensive Applications](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/designing-data-intensive-applications/9781491903063/) - A deeper dive into the applications that make up distributed systems. This book is a must read for anyone working with distributed systems.

## What I've written or created.. ✍️

[An intro to distributed systems](https://matty.dev/blog/2023-08-26-intro-to-distributed-systems) - A high level overview of distributed systems and the problems they solve. I've recently taking a futher interest in the overall architecture of the technologies we integration with everyday, like distbuted databases etc.

I've also created an RSS feed for all content on this site, you can find it at [https://matty.dev/rss](https://matty.dev/rss).
