---
title: Vibe check №9 Summer edition
date: 2023-07-31
status: draft
excerpt: Summer 2023 catch up.
alt: A log home on a hill in the style of a cartoon
---

## Life 👨🏻‍🦰

It's time for some self-reflection. I missed out on June's vibe check for a good reason: my dad had two consecutive heart attacks. The good news is he's okay now and on the mend. Hence the lack of vibe update for June (bad vibes!).

July, on the other hand, was good. I took a well-deserved break from life by going on a long holiday, traveling down the coast of Spain, starting in Barcelona and finishing in Malaga. All of this was during a heatwave! Damn global warming. The experience was a much-needed reset, with lots of time in the sun, enjoying great food, and indulging in lots of Sangria.

As for work, a lot has changed. It has taken me a lot longer to feel comfortable in my capabilities in this role. Initially, I thought it was just me, but upon reflection, I believe it's the environment and onboarding process that let me down. As a result, I'm determined to create a better experience for the next person. This made me start thinking, what is the optimal onboarding experience for an engineer?

On a technical note, we're starting a lengthy process of migrating away from a serverless architecture to a microservice architecture. The long story short is we need to undo years of bad compounding decisions that have resulted in an expensive and hard to scale system. The very specific thing I'll be helping build is an ETL pipeline injesting data. Looking forward to working with Kubernetes and Kafka and actually writing code and not looking at logs all day. Exciting times ahead.

On a technical note, we're starting a lengthy process of migrating away from a serverless architecture to a microservices architecture. The long story short is that we need to undo years of bad compounding decisions that have resulted in an expensive and hard-to-scale system. The very specific thing I'll be helping to build is an [ETL (Extract, Transform, Load)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extract,_transform,_load) pipeline ingesting data. I'm looking forward to working with Kubernetes and Kafka and actually writing code instead of looking at logs all day. Exciting times ahead.

Thats it for this catch up... Back to a more regular schedule soon!
