---
title: Mumblings №8 - New role
date: 2025-07-26
status: live
excerpt: Moving to a new role and getting back into the swing of things
alt:
---

# Life Update

It's been an eventful month and a bit since my last update. I've started a new role as Senior Software Engineer at Contentful! Really exciting times ahead. So far, I've never had an onboarding journey be so smooth and informative—a really nice sign of a company that has nailed their processes from the start.

The role is fully remote, so I'm making a conscious effort to keep getting outside and socializing as part of my daily routine.

### Moving

At the same time, I've moved house. gNo longer a St. Albanian (?) — I've now moved back into London, Colindale to be precise, into a larger, more spacious place. The decision was made to trigger my exit clause from my rental since costs were so high that money was just being wasted. My partner and I have been extremely fortunate to get a place at a fairly decent discounted rate, meaning we can save money with the goal of eventually buying.

The move itself went surprisingly smoothly. Most of my large items went to family and friends, and the rest was moved gradually. Since my partner moved in the month before me, we just used the car to move boxes after work and on weekends, doing it little by little.

### Sober 7 Months

At the same time, I hit 7 months sober. The best decision I've made? Without a doubt. I've never felt healthier, fitter, or more switched on. I thought the journey would be hard, but the reality was it all happened so quickly that before I knew it, it was the middle of summer and I don't miss it at all.

More recently, I ended up going to a rave—probably one of the only sober people there. It didn't feel hard at all; I was able to do the things I thought were restricted to those who drink. This was the turning point for me.

## 🏃🏻‍♂️ Health

I'm building up my fitness for the Valencia Half Marathon, aiming for a 1:50 PB. I'll be happy with anything under 1:55.

Having moved, I've now got extra time to hit the gym, so I'm making that part of my routine. This is also beneficial now that I work from home 5 days a week, meaning I actually have time to squeeze workouts in. Just trying to stay healthy in my 30s!
